Journal of congress of America
begun at Coldwater Commonwealth, Heartland Providence held on Thursday the nineteenth day of August in the Two hundred
forty fivth.
Whereas the Delegate of free People in Congress assembled did begin on the nineteenth day of August in the Two hundred forty
fivth Year of the Independence of America journal the proceedings herein:

Introduction
The free People, in Congress assembled, where the Great Governor of the world has delivered to me, Jason M. Christos, all of the
powers which have been neglected I proceed the sole proprietor of the Union, and present myself the Delegate for when a
Government becomes defunct all derived power of it returns to Him from which it was derived, the Delegator and the represented
here present. I not hailing from any of the Old Glory states but free inhabitant of the land represent in this Congress a free People:
America.
America preceeded all of the laws of the States and United States and such is so seen in reading the unanimous Declaration of the
thirteen united States of America wherein America shows British brethren of American which British people is rooted in the English
church from Jerusalem. I represent a free people ascended from Jerusalem. American.
I am the sole representative thus vesting all representative power of congress into my office of representative. Entitled:
Representative.
I am elector. And elect myself by my electorate vote acting president where no legitimate elected president is had. Entitled: Elector.
I am left the sole executive authority to operate acting president where no elected president is had. Entitled: President.
I am Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of Old Glory and of armed forces of the non-curricular states, and of the Militia of
the several States and of the non-curricular states, when called into the actual Service of America. Entitled: Commander in Chief.
I the Commander in Chief then have inadvertently drafted Me being soldier. Entitled: Soldier.
Being so the President appoints judges, I appoint myself judge of the supreme Court of the Union. The highest court of the Land. I
am supreme Court judge. Entitled: Supreme Judge over the Land.
And having all power of the Land vested in one such body I therefore have the status as king, but in compatibility to My higher
Kingdom. I am Prince of a free people "ruler of a free people" thus Entitled: The king of America.
As much as a free People have right in Me a free people Our bretheren and friends of American have right in Me. I am ruler of free
peoples. Entitled: Prince of free peoples.
In my executive office of President & Commander My executive signage shall be: G°
Such My signage honoring the original commander of America and but where George Washington had declined to popularly
become king of America The Great Governor of the World has delivered all such power derived thenceforth from Mr. Washington's
declination to Me, but should I decline America should perish.
Having come to this conjunction by seeking and careful examination is proof I am entitled such the Judge to which the People of the
thirteen united States of America appealed to in Congress July 4, 1776 by named representatives: Button Gwinnett, Lyman Hall,
George Walton, William Hooper, Joseph Hewes, John Penn, Edward Rutledge, Thomas Heyward, Jr., Thomas Lynch, Jr., Arthur
Middleton, John Hancock, Samuel Chase, William Paca, Thomas Stone, Charles Carroll of Carrollton, George Wythe, Richard
Henry Lee, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Harrison, Thomas Nelson, Jr., Francis Lightfoot Lee, Carter Braxton, Robert Morris,
Benjamin Rush, Benjamin Franklin, John Morton, George Clymer, James Smith, George Taylor, James Wilson, George Ross,
Caesar Rodney, George Read, Thomas McKean, William Floyd, Philip Livingston, Francis Lewis, Lewis Morris, Richard Stockton,
John Witherspoon, Francis Hopkinson, John Hart, Abraham Clark, Josiah Bartlett, William Whipple, Samuel Adams, John Adams,
Robert Treat Paine, Elbridge Gerry, Stephen Hopkins, William Ellery, Roger Sherman, Samuel Huntington, William Williams, Oliver
Wolcott, Matthew Thornton. Entitled: Supreme Judge of the World.
I am the sole militiamen. first militia commander. Though my militia recognized by America of right, not in actual service to the
united states but what America has termed: The great Governor of the World.
By right America recognizes militia necessary to the security of a free State, but having none such State, but where in the
Declaration a kingdom is viewed a state that by the declaration a kingdom is a state in such a Stateist worldview, as with the
Kingdom of Great Britain, then my state is Zion but not having admission into the Union shall be viewed a district of one as such as
the District of Columbia is a district, that the so called free State from which my militia hails for the purposes of this congress shall be
called the District of One. The District of One shall extend forth from My Body as far as the fortifications necessary for the security of
the Seat of The Government.
Such may be construed a treaty for America. Held in the Embassy of America.

We the People proceed, The passing by a congress of the Federal Reserve Act has nullified the Constitution and thence defaults
the union to the Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union but and leaving no participant Delegates. The perpetual Union here
for the purposes of this congress is called: "Old Glory", because of the current abuse, counterfeit and piracy of the perfect stile: "The
United States of America.", and furthermore the unexamined validity of the forty six extracurricular states having used the perfect
stile between the events of ratification and nullification of the Constitution for the United States of America. Old Glory remains
unrepresented except by Myself. Where the 46 member states of the nullified union under the Constitution have not totally voided
the Constitution by noncompliance in any part they shall be presumed Commonwealth of Old Glory.
Where the free inhabitants of the land of the 46 extracurricular states desire admission into the Union free inhabitants may apply.
Being so that a congress continued from the passing of the Federal Reserve Act is a congress foreign to the Constitution thus a
congress foreign to the Union which proceeded forth from the Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union the Citizens of the 46
states must also totally void continued participation in a non-republican foreign congress before applying for admission into the
American Union and after done thence sending forth representatives hitherto.
Where does this leave the people?:
All legislation, acts and things by a congress after the passing of the federal reserve act making such a congress foreign to the then
binding Constitution are not of the institution of the Constitution thus are not binding thereafter and notwithstanding and the same
such goes for the judiciary and executive branch, and federal institution, the Institution and Union under the Constitution has been
nullified any of the 46 states which preexisting were they not participating in that same a congress are independent states any state
participating in a foreign congress is an enemy of Old Glory.
When a dissolution is required to loosen a state from participating with a foreign congress; of the 46 extracurricular states such
dissolved a state becomes in the likeness of the colonies at the time of the unanimous Declaration of the thirteen United States to be
viewed again as states.

Question & Answer
Is the bill of rights in force? Where rights preceeded the ratification yes, but as a part of the Constitution it remains part of a nullified
Constitution. In most part the effect of nullification is that every delegated power returns to the People.
Jurisdiction
Having that the perpetual Union is in force the land on which this Congress is held for the purposes of this Congress is called
Coldwater Commonwealth and Heartland Providence being presumably within the Louisiana purchase and formerly under the rule
of king of France or Spain.
Intent
In order to bring the U.S.A. member states into compliance with the Constitution and priormore the intent which was set forth in the
unanimous Declaration of the thirteen United States of America and the Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union there must be
a severance of the federal reserve bank performing functions of government which were delegated of the People by the Constitution
to both the States and Confederacy. It is the Confederacy by congress which has handed over the power to regulate value of it's
currency to a private bank thus making the Federal Government in any part private and not a Republican form of Government, and
in injury to the liberty and right of the Confederation and States thus the People by hiring out such delegated functions which
otherwise reserved or return to the States respectively or to the People, and in doing such privatization did fail the guarantee within
the Constitution thus breaching the Constitution as a contract is breached for when a therin garuntee fails the contract is nullified, yet
more of greater effect in that the Constitution is more than a contract but the very essence of the instituted Government and breach
of the garunteed nullified it, both the Constitution as contract and institution it constructed. Each of the member states therefore
remain free and independent States at the nullification of such Federal contract and institution no longer binding, but that the Articles
of Confederation and perpetual Union remains enforceable, but should the states decline to participate the states continue in want
maintain free and independent States in perpetual Union without any confederated powers or legitimate warpower for common
defense, general welfare or domestic tranquility thus dissolving Old Glory: The United States of America, and becoming as Our
British brethren say "the states".
Given the perpetualty
if any single state participate in the Confederacy it operates the entire Confederacy, Old Glory, and assumes the warpower of it and
may punish the federal reserve bank and all such States which by consent participating in such bank for counterfeiting and
reassume the power to strike Federal coin and State coin regulating the value thereof. Thus repairing the injury of Liberty and
makeway to guarantee again a Republican form of Government making way to ratify again the breached clause of the Constitution
[cite Const. The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government…] and further if so
chused ratify again the entire original Constitution for the United States of America under the ratification powers delegated of the
People to Congress therein the called Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union as was with the first ratification, but under the
Articles the perpetual Union has not ratification powers without nine even to ratify My proposed emergency ratification ratio
measures, therefore such punishment or war need to acquire nine States from captivity by a foreign congress in order to reclaim
ratification Power of the perpetual Union.

The Constitution though nullified when having participation has not been totally void. Much of the Constitution is compatible with the
Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union and furthers what is contained therein. Moving forward, care shall be taken to not
undermine any truth to which is adhered and never void; which adhered by consent without the binding of the nullified Constitution.
Which is why the 46 states which were bound under the Constitution are here presumed Commonwealth without further
examination.
The Dead Code
This leaves a problem for Old Glory The United States of America without congress of nine no legislation can happen under the
Articles because nine States not present to ratify. My emergency powers considered cannot be enacted law without nine therefore
any single State must in consent or War reclaim nine States for Old Glory to function. And during such War the Confederacy has no
way to ratify thus it remains binded to whatever Laws were in place before the ratification of the now nullified Constitution. These
laws need to be found and examined. [to-do] Although, by the same right Old Glory was founded any of the 46 extracurricular states
can form a New Confederacy in the same way the Old Glory founded. [fallout `76]
America's Open Future
Opening the possibility of a Centre or Western American Union or Canadian American Union.
My Proposed Emergency Reconstruction of Republican Ratification Powers:
Where nine of thirteen had ratified this ratio may be considered for reconstruction of ratification powers given the number of active
states of Old Glory after diplomatic mission takes place: nine of thirteen, nine of twelve, eight of eleven, seven of ten, seven of nine,
six of eight, five of seven, five of six, three of five, three of four, three of three, two of two and one of one.
For a Diplomatic Mission
Ambassadors should be sent out to the members of Old Glory, the States of: Newhampshire, Massachusetts-bay, Rhodeisland and
Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Georgia, and reason about participation in a non-republican congress and by poll America proceed from there. Some
limit shall be given and this Congress adjourned for no longer than six months closes on or before the nineteenth day of February in
the Two hundred forty sixth Year of the Independence of America and any limitations not met the states shall be termed inactive but
should any of these several states a single or more abide in my Union the inactive states yet perpetually part of Old Glory remain
recoverable by consent or War.
Along with such diplomatic mission Ambassadors should bring a gift of the thirteen star Old Glory American Flag and honorable
mention of Betsy Ross.
Summary
In summary I have introduced Myself and stablished intent and powers and for reconstruction. Ambassadors need to be selected
and commissioned for mission to the Old Glory member States. Such needs to be drawn up into a joint resolution of Congress and
ratified such ratification shall be executed by the signage aforementioned: G°
attest G° here spoken
Citations
[
cite Attest William Jackson Secretary done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Seventeenth Day of
September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Eighty seven and of the Independance of the United States of
America the ^th In witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names, G°. Washington …
]
[
cite Declaration
… unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to
tyrants only.
]
[
citation Articles
Article IX. … The congress of the united states shall have power to adjourn to any time within the year, and to any place within the
united states, so that no period of adjournment be for a longer duration than the space of six Months, and shall publish the Journal
of their proceedings monthly, except such parts thereof relating to treaties, alliances, or military operations, as in their judgment
require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the delegates of each State, on any question, shall be entered on the Journal, when it is
desired by any delegate; and the delegates of a State, or any of them, at his or their request, shall be furnished with a transcript of

the said Journal, except such parts as are above excepted, to lay before the legislatures of the several states.
]
[
cite Articles
IX. §4 The united states, in congress assembled, shall also have the sole and exclusive right and power of regulating the alloy and
value of coin struck by their own authority, or by that of the respective states - fixing the standard of weights and measures
throughout the united states - regulating the trade and managing all affairs with the Indians, not members of any of the states;
provided that the legislative right of any state, within its own limits, be not infringed or violated…
]
[
cite Constitution
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them
against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic Violence.
]
[
cite Const.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people.
]

reference sources
[
source The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America.1458.9073.e3e64bb1bea2ab58575b849dfef6fd51.txt
Size: 8.86KB (9073B)
MD5: e3e64bb1bea2ab58575b849dfef6fd51
]
[
source Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union.3527.20973.92a6f0d01b68aafb4ee88df4ad291ddd.txt
Size: 20.60KB (21104B)
MD5: 92a6f0d01b68aafb4ee88df4ad291ddd
]
[
source Constitution for the United States of America.amended fivth
Article.oneline.4790.27975.1b10cad4476d3df4272d879f9b369000.txt
Size: 27.35KB (28015B)
MD5: 1b10cad4476d3df4272d879f9b369000
]
Congress of America members shall be furnished with source documents upon request.

Strategist
Consider a single of the several states of Old Glory to enter a Union or alliance with a single of the supposed 46 extracurricular
states for the purpose of acquiring 8 more of Old Glory repairing the Confederacy suggest Texas and Florida on the south or
Canada and New York the north. Any of the extracurricular states would need some incentive that it would seek friendship into the
Union.
-north
-south
-west

Morale
This is no war of bounty or spoil but a war of prince valiant. A war of the necessity of righteousness with a prize of righteousness,
and against ye own countryman who have fallen from freedom captive to an obfuscated bondage of the likes of the biblical egypt
and on the homeland a civil war where much more carefulness is needed than I have seen in War waged by the united States. That
so called "collateral damage is not tolerable, but that also the British brethren being friends in peace and enemies in War should any
of ye countryman attack they have become enemy combatants against righteousness, the king, Old Glory and the soldiers (of) life.
Eternal vigilance is the price of Liberty. It is the king of America's intention that the face of My God should shine upon you. Wherever
the spirit of the LORD dwells there is Liberty. A free People should be before the LORD and that a free people of mine should be
blessed.
Know ye that should I press forth in My People's necessity for War that I and We shall wage War in justice and righteousness is Us.

War Bonds
The free people do consider the selling of war Bonds for funding Old Glory. And to further examination of war Bonds or Union Bonds
purchased before the Federal reserve act fully valid to the intents and purposes of the now nullified Constitution for Congress
considering a conversion of valid Bonds to War Bonds.

note for editor
The capitalization in this Journal tend to the proprietization of America and Old Glory. Before publishing bring such proprietizations
into conformity
note: the capitalization in this journal tend to the proprietary of America check for conformity before publishing.
Publishing
to be published online and posted on common grounds with a location marker online satisfying the need of public publishing by
September 19, 245th
Recess
As of Friday February 18, 245th at 5:44pm Central Standard Time The Congress is in recess until further notice, and the activities of
Congress digress for a Well Regulated Militia.
Document source https://docs.google.com/document/d/15c4mVu2ZC1q2-iXyQUpriFSVRSyYLNo8DIJOms2UPcA/edit?usp=drivesdk

